# Meeting Minutes H-Team 17-March-2023

Scrum Master: Heshani Note Taker: Adi

Team meeting held on 17-March-2023 in person.

Meeting time 01:30 PM - 3.30 PM

- Majid Khan Burki
- Adi
- Sumrish Hanif
- Heshani
- Mehadi

## Meeting Minutes Bullets

- Discussed the various Figma daigrams in progress. One question about the QuizResult screen led to the realization that the quiz code so far did not distinguish between scores per user and rather was centered around a single user. This became apparent because the initial question was about ranking various users on a leaderboard and it was clear that this could not be done without user specific scores. Thus, a re-think of the database design was carried out and a conceptual solution was put forward. This formed the basis of the [user story](https://github.com/MUN-COMP6905/project-hteam/issues/78) created to mitigate the issue on the /student dashboard page. 

- The team decided that any technical concerns should be addressed via the 'help wanted' tag as issues on the board rather than via Discord. This would help lend visibility to many goup discussions that would otherwise be hidden to the TA. 

- Team agreed that the first PR deadline of Monday, March 20th would cover atleast a single task and that the developers would merge in the most do-able version of code either to master (pending approval from all members) or to an integration branch so that further development may be done prior to a master branch merge. 

- Team agreed that the deadline on Friday, March 24th would cover testing since that is still an unaddressed part of our work.  
